hello everyone so today
we're coming back for a special video
hulu after my visit to the city of
shock which is so right
I'm on the left with the ball
yellow so we'll start right now
so i would like to say ex is a little
bigger
so she already has a fountain then
men for his track tomorrow to those and
those who are wondering how to have a
fountain we will make a video in no
long time
so this video brings together the screw of the
cabbage town which is our visit
together what then she she already has
seven fountains she adding the la
waterfall there like that a little less done
so her tom nook to her here is her
fruits so these are the cherries that I
are going to take have planted an hour
Chinese but here I am going to take
no support
sookie is like that she has balls
big is so we'll see the lighthouse or
shu who will take us there so I'm going to
follow there are slight bugs do not do
Warning
the lighthouse that is here so here it is
so is it the mistake so the locals
from the city
it's frigga so houanard the fashion the
peace of amiens
so here is the hand we see there the
full of his city is like that so the
town hall the tailor the bus stop them
ports and the painting and the museum that under
here his house invaded take a turn well
sure so her house and here she has all
the coins so you'll make me go
so early rattan furniture I believe
evidence the royal that's the
first sentence the main square
so the basement at her night at the
final only that's how it is
ouf finally in the tones coma de retint
with the small streets so now
go back to the state I'll see you his
floor
so here you see that his house is
bigger than mine
so like me she painted the bed that
everyone knows the bed
princess yes but that's it
so what can we go see now
well I think I have you pretty much
made
turn of his life so I pulled out of his
house Tuesday
so I'm going out
and now we're going to see some
locals have me a lot when of
shake up the francophonie pick up
our edge the bar exchanged abadie this
that we will be changed in exchange for a
mushroom that's it I did it a
champion minutes
So here it seems to me that it is
so to salouël bassoues which is where the
chord form now i'm coming from
world I speak to someone asserted
you have to know that sometimes if
you talk to people in our
city they may come to your home
so they have time for working
much more so we will find
chouilloux who is squeezing the crowd m
voili so that's it for the
presentation of his city and for the
little video visit that I made you
so feel free to subscribe and
to be a green thumb if you liked it and
mediates the ideas of videos in commentary
this is goodbye